src/modules/entities-with-redux-query/README.md, before:

# Entities module with `redux-query`

## Motivation

> A library for querying and managing network state in React/Redux applications

[`redux-query`](https://github.com/amplitude/redux-query/) is a great library aimed at querying and managing network state. However, in its current version (1.3.X at the time of this writing), it comes with some caveats.

The main problem is that `redux-query` comes with a built-in entities reducer which cannot be replaced in an obvious way. Good thing is, the queries reducer is isolated from the entities reducer, which makes it possible to work around this problem. However, there are some trade-offs in doing so.

Here at redradix, we love our entities module, so we are building this as an enhancement over it which can work with `redux-query`. We will be documenting our development of this module as some of the decisions taken are not plainly obvious.

## Appendix A - Using `fetch` to perform network requests

`redux-query` comes by default with a [SuperAgent](https://github.com/visionmedia/superagent) adapter, whereas this application was using [the Fetch standard](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/)<sup>1</sup> to handle network requests.

At the time of this writing, the latter does not support network request abortion yet. Discussion can be found in issues [#27](https://github.com/whatwg/fetch/issues/27) and [#447](https://github.com/whatwg/fetch/issues/447). However, our current mocks rely on this, so I took some time to implement a new adapter for `redux-query` just for the fun of it.

<sup>1</sup> We actually use the [matthew-andrews/isomorphic-fetch](https://github.com/matthew-andrews/isomorphic-fetch), which is built on top of [github/fetch](https://github.com/github/fetch/) polyfill, which implements a subset of the standard.

## Step 1 - Composing our entities reducer with `redux-query`'s query reducer

```js
/* modules/entities-with-redux-query/reducer.js */
import entitiesReducer from 'modules/entities'
export default function entitiesReducerWithReduxQuery(state, action) {
  return {
    ...entitiesReducer(state, action),
    queries: queriesReducer(state.queries, action)
  }
}

/* modules/entities-with-redux-query/selectors.js */
import { getEntities } from 'modules/entities'
export { getEntities } from 'modules/entities'
export const getQueries = (state) => getEntities(state, 'queries')
```

Updating our root reducer to use the new entities reducer is as simple as changing the import route:

```diff
diff --git a/src/modules/reducer.js b/src/modules/reducer.js
--- a/src/modules/reducer.js
+++ b/src/modules/reducer.js
@@ -2 +2 @@ import { combineReducers } from 'redux'
-import entitiesReducer from 'modules/entities'
+import entitiesReducer from 'modules/entities-with-redux-query'
```

With this, we can also add `redux-query`'s middleware to our store:

```js
/* configure-store.js */
import { queryMiddleware } from 'redux-query'
import { getQueries, getEntities } from 'modules/entities-with-redux-query'
const store = createStore(
    reducer,
    applyMiddleware(queryMiddleware(getQueries, getEntities))
)
```

However, moving forward without `redux-query`'s entities reducer has a huge trade-off, as its middleware will no longer be able to update our entities.

## Step 2 - Syncing entities from `redux-query`'s requests

In order to be able to store/update entities in our state when requests are completed, we need one of two things,

* to have our entities reducer react to `redux-query`'s actions, or
* to be able to dispatch actions from `redux-query`'s callback functions

We may address the former approach in an appendix later on, but for now, we will proceed with the latter.

From the three callback functions supported by `redux-query` (i.e. `transform`, `update` and `optimisticUpdate`), we decided to work exclusively with `transform` as it is called as soon as the request ends and both other functions are to some extent coupled with how the library handles entities.

Since it is a pretty common pattern to have components enhanced with `connectRequest` that are also enhanced with `connect`, we can simply pass bound action creators as props.

```js
const mapDispatchToProps = { actionCreator }

const mapPropsToQuery = (props) => ({
  url: `api/todos`,
  // gets dispatched as soon as the requests completes
  transform: props.actionCreator,
  update: {} // required by redux-query
})

const enhance = compose(
  connect(void 0, mapDispatchToProps),
  connectRequest(mapPropsToQuery)
)

export default enhance(Component)
```

Commit message:

Fetch adapter has now its own package!
https://www.npmjs.com/package/fetch-adapter

src/modules/entities-with-redux-query/README.md, after:

# Entities module with `redux-query`

## Motivation

> A library for querying and managing network state in React/Redux applications

[`redux-query`](https://github.com/amplitude/redux-query/) is a great library aimed at querying and managing network state. However, in its current version (1.3.X at the time of this writing), it comes with some caveats.

The main problem is that `redux-query` comes with a built-in entities reducer which cannot be replaced in an obvious way. Good thing is, the queries reducer is isolated from the entities reducer, which makes it possible to work around this problem. However, there are some trade-offs in doing so.

Here at redradix, we love our entities module, so we are building this as an enhancement over it which can work with `redux-query`. We will be documenting our development of this module as some of the decisions taken are not plainly obvious.

## Appendix A - Using `fetch` to perform network requests

`redux-query` comes by default with a [SuperAgent](https://github.com/visionmedia/superagent) adapter, whereas this application was using [the Fetch standard](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/)<sup>1</sup> to handle network requests.

At the time of this writing, the latter does not support network request abortion yet. Discussion can be found in issues [#27](https://github.com/whatwg/fetch/issues/27) and [#447](https://github.com/whatwg/fetch/issues/447). However, our current mocks rely on this, so I took some time to implement a new adapter for `redux-query` just for the fun of it.

<sup>1</sup> We actually use the [matthew-andrews/isomorphic-fetch](https://github.com/matthew-andrews/isomorphic-fetch), which is built on top of [github/fetch](https://github.com/github/fetch/) polyfill, which implements a subset of the standard.

This adapter is now distributed as a [npm package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/fetch-adapter)!

## Step 1 - Composing our entities reducer with `redux-query`'s query reducer

```js
/* modules/entities-with-redux-query/reducer.js */
import entitiesReducer from 'modules/entities'
export default function entitiesReducerWithReduxQuery(state, action) {
  return {
    ...entitiesReducer(state, action),
    queries: queriesReducer(state.queries, action)
  }
}

/* modules/entities-with-redux-query/selectors.js */
import { getEntities } from 'modules/entities'
export { getEntities } from 'modules/entities'
export const getQueries = (state) => getEntities(state, 'queries')
```

Updating our root reducer to use the new entities reducer is as simple as changing the import route:

```diff
diff --git a/src/modules/reducer.js b/src/modules/reducer.js
--- a/src/modules/reducer.js
+++ b/src/modules/reducer.js
@@ -2 +2 @@ import { combineReducers } from 'redux'
-import entitiesReducer from 'modules/entities'
+import entitiesReducer from 'modules/entities-with-redux-query'
```

With this, we can also add `redux-query`'s middleware to our store:

```js
/* configure-store.js */
import { queryMiddleware } from 'redux-query'
import { getQueries, getEntities } from 'modules/entities-with-redux-query'
const store = createStore(
    reducer,
    applyMiddleware(queryMiddleware(getQueries, getEntities))
)
```

However, moving forward without `redux-query`'s entities reducer has a huge trade-off, as its middleware will no longer be able to update our entities.

## Step 2 - Syncing entities from `redux-query`'s requests

In order to be able to store/update entities in our state when requests are completed, we need one of two things,

* to have our entities reducer react to `redux-query`'s actions, or
* to be able to dispatch actions from `redux-query`'s callback functions

We may address the former approach in an appendix later on, but for now, we will proceed with the latter.

From the three callback functions supported by `redux-query` (i.e. `transform`, `update` and `optimisticUpdate`), we decided to work exclusively with `transform` as it is called as soon as the request ends and both other functions are to some extent coupled with how the library handles entities.

Since it is a pretty common pattern to have components enhanced with `connectRequest` that are also enhanced with `connect`, we can simply pass bound action creators as props.

```js
const mapDispatchToProps = { actionCreator }

const mapPropsToQuery = (props) => ({
  url: `api/todos`,
  // gets dispatched as soon as the requests completes
  transform: props.actionCreator,
  update: {} // required by redux-query
})

const enhance = compose(
  connect(void 0, mapDispatchToProps),
  connectRequest(mapPropsToQuery)
)

export default enhance(Component)
```
